fs: loosen validation to allow objects with an own toString function (#34993)
nodejs/node: doc/api/fs.md

-->

* `fd` {integer}

> * `buffer` {Buffer|TypedArray|DataView|string|object}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `buffer` {Buffer|TypedArray|DataView|string|Object}
```

-->

* `fd` {integer}

> * `string` {string|object}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `string` {string|Object}
```

* `position` {integer}
* `encoding` {string} **Default:** `'utf8'`
* `callback` {Function}
  * `err` {Error}
  * `written` {integer}
  * `string` {string}

> Write `string` to the file specified by `fd`. If `string` is not a string, or an
> object with an own `toString` function property, then an exception will be thrown.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Write `string` to the file specified by `fd`. If `string` is not a string, or an
object with an own `toString` function property, then an exception is thrown.
```

-->

* `file` {string|Buffer|URL|integer} filename or file descriptor

> * `data` {string|Buffer|TypedArray|DataView|object}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `data` {string|Buffer|TypedArray|DataView|Object}
```

-->

* `file` {string|Buffer|URL|integer} filename or file descriptor

> * `data` {string|Buffer|TypedArray|DataView|object}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `data` {string|Buffer|TypedArray|DataView|Object}
```

-->

* `fd` {integer}

> * `buffer` {Buffer|TypedArray|DataView|string|object}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `buffer` {Buffer|TypedArray|DataView|string|Object}
```

-->

* `fd` {integer}

> * `string` {string|object}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `string` {string|Object}
```

<!-- YAML
added: v10.0.0
changes:
  - version: REPLACEME
    pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/34993
    description: The `buffer` parameter will stringify an object with an
                 explicit `toString` function.
  - version: v14.0.0
    pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/31030
    description: The `buffer` parameter won't coerce unsupported input to
                 buffers anymore.
-->

> * `buffer` {Buffer|Uint8Array|string|object}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `buffer` {Buffer|Uint8Array|string|Object}
```

<!-- YAML
added: v10.0.0
changes:
  - version: REPLACEME
    pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/34993
    description: The `string` parameter will stringify an object with an
                 explicit `toString` function.
  - version: v14.0.0
    pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/31030
    description: The `string` parameter won't coerce unsupported input to
                 strings anymore.
-->

> * `string` {string|object}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `string` {string|Object}
```

* `position` {integer}
* `encoding` {string} **Default:** `'utf8'`
* Returns: {Promise}

> Write `string` to the file. If `string` is not a string, or an
> object with an own `toString` function property, then an exception will be thrown.

Reviewer 2: You can get this under the 80 character limit required by the linter and prevent a future PR by me by changing to present tense.

```suggestion
Write `string` to the file. If `string` is not a string or an
object with an own `toString` function property, then an exception is thrown.
```

Author: Sure, there's a number of existing examples of "will be thrown", including this one ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯

<!-- YAML
added: v10.0.0
changes:
  - version: REPLACEME
    pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/34993
    description: The `data` parameter will stringify an object with an
                 explicit `toString` function.
  - version: v14.0.0
    pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/31030
    description: The `data` parameter won't coerce unsupported input to
                 strings anymore.
-->

> * `data` {string|Buffer|Uint8Array|object}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `data` {string|Buffer|Uint8Array|Object}
```

* `options` {Object|string}
  * `encoding` {string|null} **Default:** `'utf8'`
* Returns: {Promise}

Asynchronously writes data to a file, replacing the file if it already exists.
`data` can be a string, a buffer, or an object with an own `toString` function

> property. The `Promise` will be resolved with no arguments upon success.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
property. The `Promise` is resolved with no arguments upon success.
```

<!-- YAML
added: v10.0.0
changes:
  - version: REPLACEME
    pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/34993
    description: The `data` parameter will stringify an object with an
                 explicit `toString` function.
  - version: v14.0.0
    pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/31030
    description: The `data` parameter won't coerce unsupported input to
                 strings anymore.
-->

* `file` {string|Buffer|URL|FileHandle} filename or `FileHandle`

> * `data` {string|Buffer|Uint8Array|object}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `data` {string|Buffer|Uint8Array|Object}
```

* `options` {Object|string}
  * `encoding` {string|null} **Default:** `'utf8'`
  * `mode` {integer} **Default:** `0o666`
  * `flag` {string} See [support of file system `flags`][]. **Default:** `'w'`.
* Returns: {Promise}

Asynchronously writes data to a file, replacing the file if it already exists.
`data` can be a string, a buffer, or an object with an own `toString` function

> property. The `Promise` will be resolved with no arguments upon success.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
property. The `Promise` is resolved with no arguments upon success.
```
